Ellen DeGeneres has a way of making you
laugh about some thing rather than at
someone except when I danced on her show
she laughed at me but that's okay it's
easy to forget now when we've come so
far we're now marriage is equal under
the law just how much courage was
required for Ellen to come out on the
most public of stages almost twenty
years ago just how important it was not
just to the LGBT community but for all
of us to see somebody so full of
kindness and light somebody we liked so
much somebody who could be our neighbor
or our colleague or sister challenge our
own assumptions remind us that we have
more in common than we realize
push our country in the direction of
justice what an incredible burden that
was to bear to risk your career like
that people don't do that very often and
then to have the hopes of millions on
your shoulders but it's like Ellen says
we all want a tortilla chip that can
support the weight of guacamole
which really makes no sense to me what I
thought would break the mood because I
was kidding I was kidding kind of choked
up
and she did pay a price we don't
remember this I hadn't remembered it she
did for a pretty long stretch of time
even in Hollywood and yet today
every day in every way
Ellen counters what too often divides us
with the countless things that bind us
together inspires us to be better than
one joke one dance at a time Ellen
DeGeneres
[Applause]
in a career spanning three decades Ellen
DeGeneres has lifted our spirits and
brought joy to our lives as a stand-up
comic actor and television star in every
role she reminds us to be kind to one
another and to treat people as each of
us wants to be treated at a pivotal
pivotal moments her courage and candor
helped change the hearts and minds of
millions of Americans accelerating our
nation's constant drive toward equality
and acceptance for all again and again
Ellen DeGeneres has shown us that a
single individual can make the world a
more fun more open more loving place so
long as we just keep swimming
[Applause]